On behalf of the governing body, it is my pleasure to welcome all of you to this year's
Don't Give Up Regional Convention of Jehovah's Witnesses.
For some of you, this may be your first time attending one of our conventions.
Perhaps you're here because you received one of our invitations.
If so, we're very happy to have you with us.
For the rest of us, it doesn't seem possible that an entire year has passed since our
last convention.
And what a year it has been.
Thanks to over 8 million worshipers of Jehovah, a tremendous witness has been given throughout
the earth in over 800 languages.
And thanks to the thousands of hardworking volunteers, our new world headquarters was
completed at Warwick, New York, in the United States.
The surroundings are beautiful and many of the friends have already begun touring our
new home.
However, other things have taken place in the past year that haven't been so positive.
As the Apostle Paul was inspired to write at 1 Corinthians chapter 7, verse 31, the
scene of this world is changing.
We know you have been watching the world seen as we have.
There have been natural disasters, disease epidemics, political unrest, murderous attacks,
and terror strikes in one place after another.
Perhaps you personally have experienced health or economic challenges, the loss of a loved
one in death, or opposition to the stand that you have taken as a true Christian.
The governing body is very much aware of all of this and wants to help you cope with these
critical times hard to deal with.
There are three qualities in particular that we are highlighting on our convention programs.
First is loyalty.
Remember last year's convention had the theme remain loyal to Jehovah.
Perhaps you recall these points blinged from that program.
Even close to our Heavenly Father will give us the stability and strength to overcome
the most daunting obstacles.
And strengthening our loyalty to Jehovah now is essential to remaining loyal under future
tests, including the upcoming Great Tribulation.
It was our earnest desire that last year's program would help you to cherish your loyalty
to Jehovah all the more.
This year we are highlighting a second quality that of endurance.
The convention theme has been taken from the words founded Galatians 6.9.
Let us not give up in doing what is fine.
Hence this year's theme is don't give up.
Each day of our convention we will learn about wonderful Bible examples of endurance.
The greatest example of course is Jehovah God himself.
He has patiently endured the reproach brought on his holy name and the pain of watching
his beloved creation suffer until the appointed time.
We will also learn about the endurance of Joseph, Jeff's daughter, Jeremiah, the Apostle
John and foremost Jesus Christ.
Here are two key points that you'll want to listen for.
Our endurance as Christians does not depend on favorable circumstances.
It results from reliance on Jehovah and our confidence that Jehovah will reward us in
the future is strengthened as we experience him answering our prayers now.
Jehovah's servants today are part of a long line of faithful witnesses who have endured
with his help.
We sincerely commend you for your loyalty and endurance.
Now what is the third vital quality than one we will highlight during the 2018 convention
program?
Well, we'll get to that.
For now, enjoy this program on endurance from the opening music video presentation to
the last talk of each session, please give it your closest attention.
We wish you a wonderful convention.
We certainly hope you have enjoyed these last three days of our Don't Give Up Regional
Convention.
We encourage you to stay faithful, come what may in the future.
Then the latter part of Galatians, chapter 6, verse 9, will come true for us all.
And do time, we will reap if we do not tire out.
We feel so strongly about the need for all of us to strengthen our endurance that during
this year, the two circuit assembly programs are developing related themes.
Don't give up and fulfilling the law of Christ and don't give up and doing what is fine.
Oh yes, one last thing.
So we discuss the first two qualities, loyalty and endurance.
What do you think will be the third quality that we will emphasize after loyalty and endurance?
It is courage.
So stay tuned.
Until then, dear brothers and sisters, the governing body wants you to know that we love
you dearly and pray for you constantly.
And remember, the end is imminent and we must not give up, especially now.